c:\Src\git\SE3AD-skeleton\Huiswerk\Les5 - Toepassingen binaire bomen\Code\Huiswerk5\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.deps.json
c:\Src\git\SE3AD-skeleton\Huiswerk\Les5 - Toepassingen binaire bomen\Code\Huiswerk5\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Src\git\SE3AD-skeleton\Huiswerk\Les5 - Toepassingen binaire bomen\Code\Huiswerk5\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Src\git\SE3AD-skeleton\Huiswerk\Les5 - Toepassingen binaire bomen\Code\Huiswerk5\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.dll
c:\Src\git\SE3AD-skeleton\Huiswerk\Les5 - Toepassingen binaire bomen\Code\Huiswerk5\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.pdb
c:\Src\git\SE3AD-skeleton\Huiswerk\Les5 - Toepassingen binaire bomen\Code\Huiswerk5\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Src\git\SE3AD-skeleton\Huiswerk\Les5 - Toepassingen binaire bomen\Code\Huiswerk5\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Src\git\SE3AD-skeleton\Huiswerk\Les5 - Toepassingen binaire bomen\Code\Huiswerk5\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Src\git\SE3AD-skeleton\Huiswerk\Les5 - Toepassingen binaire bomen\Code\Huiswerk5\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Src\git\SE3AD-skeleton\Huiswerk\Les5 - Toepassingen binaire bomen\Code\Huiswerk5\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.dll
c:\Src\git\SE3AD-skeleton\Huiswerk\Les5 - Toepassingen binaire bomen\Code\Huiswerk5\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.pdb
C:\Users\jeffr\Desktop\Programmas\AD\AD_Opdrachten\Les 5 Binaire bomen\Huiswerk5\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.deps.json
C:\Users\jeffr\Desktop\Programmas\AD\AD_Opdrachten\Les 5 Binaire bomen\Huiswerk5\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\jeffr\Desktop\Programmas\AD\AD_Opdrachten\Les 5 Binaire bomen\Huiswerk5\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\jeffr\Desktop\Programmas\AD\AD_Opdrachten\Les 5 Binaire bomen\Huiswerk5\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.dll
C:\Users\jeffr\Desktop\Programmas\AD\AD_Opdrachten\Les 5 Binaire bomen\Huiswerk5\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.pdb
C:\Users\jeffr\Desktop\Programmas\AD\AD_Opdrachten\Les 5 Binaire bomen\Huiswerk5\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jeffr\Desktop\Programmas\AD\AD_Opdrachten\Les 5 Binaire bomen\Huiswerk5\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\jeffr\Desktop\Programmas\AD\AD_Opdrachten\Les 5 Binaire bomen\Huiswerk5\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\jeffr\Desktop\Programmas\AD\AD_Opdrachten\Les 5 Binaire bomen\Huiswerk5\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\jeffr\Desktop\Programmas\AD\AD_Opdrachten\Les 5 Binaire bomen\Huiswerk5\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.dll
C:\Users\jeffr\Desktop\Programmas\AD\AD_Opdrachten\Les 5 Binaire bomen\Huiswerk5\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Huiswerk5.pdb
